---
title: "07_Fazit"
subject: ""
id: 20210719163737
lang: de-CH
author:
  - name: Josias Bruderer
    affiliation:  Universität Luzern
keywords:
  - unilu
topics:
   - 
description: ""
---

# Fazit

#WIP


> Dial the system at (312) 528-7141. When you hear the answer tone, connect your modem, and press return several times until the system determines your transmission rate. If you have a reasonably good telephone line, and a moderately strong modem signal, you should be able to communicate with the system.  
\begin{flushright}\vspace{-1cm}
\emph{Ward Christensen und Randy Suess, November 1978, BYTE Magazin}
\end{flushright}

Evtl. Bezug zu Kapitel «Emergent Social Meanings» in Jones Steven, Cybersociety 2.0 1998


«Wir müssen abstrakt-künstlichen Räumen 
vertrauen, sonst funktionieren diese nicht.» [@fasslerCyberneticLocalismSpace2008]


«Independent media must, of necessity, have an audience. Moreover, and 
crucially, independent media must find the right kind of audience—one that 
is committed to the industrial, aesthetic, ethical and sociopolitical ideals of 
that media and that is enlisted in the discursive struggle over its meaning and 
value. This often links independent media to particular subcultures, such 
as gaming, discussed by Hector Postigo in Chapter 9 , which demonstrates 
how independence is often elided with “alternative” media and audiences 
(discussed further later).» [@bennettIntroductionUtopiaIndependent2015, 5]




«Where companies resist, such as 
Snapchat’s decision to turn down a reported £3bn offer from Facebook, 
they often find themselves powerless in the face of corporate power’s ability 
to utilize the very freedoms—as in the malleability and openness of com-
puter code—that underpin digital work cultures: thus Facebook and Twitter 
quickly built Snapchat-like features into their platforms once their offers 
had been turned down. 
And yet, as all these examples also suggest, hope must live on because the 
utopian desire of media independence is something that cannot be regulated, 
purchased or otherwise bullied and co-opted out of existence. The desire 
to create a better way of living through the media is one that motivates 
many who work in, regulate, finance and study the media. As a utopian 
promise it remains a vision to be pursued. We hope that this collection helps 
those interested in studying and making media pursue that vision and that 
it stimulates further work and debate on this critical area of inquiry. Media 
independence, after all, matters.» [@bennettIntroductionUtopiaIndependent2015, 26]



\newpage
